\input texinfo
@include config.texi
@settitle Autotools-Guile-Example Manual version @value{VERSION}

@dircategory Software development
@direntry
* Autotools Guile Example: (autotools-guile-example).
  A Guile project skeleton with autotools.
@end direntry

@copying
The Autotools-Guile-Example manual.

Copyright @copyright{} 2025 Nikolaos Chatzikonstantinou.
@end copying

@c This titlepage is not visible in the info output, but it is present in
@c HTML, PDF, and other "hard copy" outputs.
@titlepage
@title The Autotools-Guile-Example version @value{VERSION}
@c Use the '@page' command to cause a page break.
@page
@c To push the copyright notice and the other text on the copyright page
@c towards the bottom of the page in TeX output, use the following after
@c '@page':
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Generate a table of contents, long form. Use @shortcontents for short
@c form.
@contents

@c The 'Top' node is the node in which a reader enters an Info
@c manual. The contents of the 'Top' node do not appear in printed
@c output. The '@top' command is the Info manual title.
@node Top
@top Autotools-Guile-Example

This manual is for Autotools-Guile-Example version @value{VERSION}.

@c Similarly '@menu' does not appear in printed output. See also
@c '@detailmenu'.
@menu
* Introduction::     Introduction to Autotools-Guile-Example.
* Index::            Complete index.
@end menu

@c The body of the document. A manual is divided into one or more
@c "nodes". After a node is declared, it should be structured with
@c '@chapter', '@section', or '@subsection' and '@subsubsection'. See
@c "Chapter Structuring" in the texinfo manual.
@c
@c The text itself can be marked up. See "Cross-references", "Marking
@c Text, Words and Phrases", "Quotations and Examples", "Lists and
@c Tables", "Special Displays" in the texinfo manual. Also useful is
@c "Definition Commands" for API descriptions.

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

@cindex chapter, first
This is the introductory chapter.

@c This is the end of the Texinfo file. The index will include the
@c entries from '@cindex'. For hardcopy output, you must also use
@c texindex. You can define your own indices with '@defindex' and
@c '@defcodeindex'. To include more than one index, repeat the below
@c three commands for the additional indices, e.g.:
@c
@c   @node Variable Index
@c   @unnumbered Variable Index
@c   @printindex vr
@c
@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@c See "Predefined Indices" for the argument that can be passed to
@c '@printindex'. In this case, "cp" is the concept index; it is
@c recommended to be placed last amongst all indices.
@printindex cp

@bye

